readme.md, before:

# awesome-dapps [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) [![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/jasonwalsh/awesome-dapps.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/jasonwalsh/awesome-dapps)

> A curated list of awesome resources around decentralized applications (Ðapps)

Easily access this list @ [`dapps.cool`](http://dapps.cool).

## Contents

- [Platforms](#platforms)
- [Social Media](#social-media)
  - [Reddit](#reddit)
  - [Twitter](#twitter)
  - [Blogs](#blogs)
  - [YouTube](#youtube)
- [Programming Languages](#programming-languages)
  - [Ethereum](#ethereum)
- [Example Applications](#example-applications)
  - [Education](#education)
  - [Shopping](#shopping)
  - [Entertainment](#entertainment)
- [Developer Tools](#developer-tools)
- [Jobs](#jobs)

## Platforms

- [Ethereum](https://ethereum.org/)
- [Golem](https://golem.network/)

## Social Media

### Reddit

- [/r/ethereum](https://www.reddit.com/r/ethereum/)
- [/r/ethdapps](https://www.reddit.com/r/ethdapps/)

### Twitter

- [@ethereumproject](https://twitter.com/ethereumproject)
- [@golemproject](https://twitter.com/golemproject)
- [@EtherCasts](https://twitter.com/EtherCasts)

### Blogs

- [Ethereum Blog](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
- [Golem Blog](https://blog.golemproject.net/)

### YouTube

- [Ethereum YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6rYoXJ_3BbPyWx_GQDDRRQ)

## Programming Languages

### Ethereum

- [serpent](https://github.com/ethereum/serpent)
  - Documentation: [https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/Serpent](https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/Serpent)
- [solidity](https://github.com/ethereum/solidity)
  - Documentation: [https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/develop/](https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/develop/)

## Example Applications

### Education

- [Dapp Insight](https://dappinsight.com) - A curated listing of live dapps built on ethereum 
- [State of the DApps](https://dapps.ethercasts.com/) - [:octocat:](https://github.com/EtherCasts/state-of-the-dapps) - State of the DApps lists of all Ethereum DApps known to mankind

### Shopping

- [OpenBazaar](https://www.openbazaar.org/) - [:octocat:](https://github.com/openbazaar) - OpenBazaar is an open source project developing a protocol for e-commerce transactions in a fully decentralized marketplace
- [SafeMarket](https://safemarket.github.io/) - [:octocat:](https://github.com/SafeMarket) - A P2P Market system

### Entertainment

- [Livepeer](https://livepeer.org/) - [:octocat:](https://github.com/livepeer) - An open platform for decentralized live video broadcasting

### Art

- [CryptoPunks](http://www.larvalabs.com/cryptopunks) - [:octocat:](https://github.com/larvalabs/cryptopunks) - 10,000 unique collectible characters with proof of ownership stored on the Ethereum blockchain.

### Advertising

- [Thousand Ether Homepage](https://thousandetherhomepage.com) - [:octocat:](https://github.com/thousandetherhomepage/ketherhomepage) - The Million Dollar Homepage as an Ethereum Smart Contract and DApp. Own a piece of blockchain history!

## Developer Tools

- [Embark](https://github.com/iurimatias/embark-framework) - Embark is a framework that allows you to easily develop and deploy Decentralized Applications
- [ethereumjs/testrpc](https://github.com/ethereumjs/testrpc) - A Node.js based Ethereum client for testing and development. It uses ethereumjs to simulate full client behavior and make developing Ethereum applications much faster.

## Jobs

- [Ethereum Jobs](http://jobs.ethercasts.com/) - The premier job board and developer community space specifically for Ethereum by [EtherCasts](https://github.com/EtherCasts)

## Contribute

Contributions welcome! Read the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) first.

## Maintainers

| ![Jason Walsh](https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/2184329?v=3&s=128)     | ![Brandon Him](https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/6020066?v=3&s=128) |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Jason Walsh [@jasonwalsh](https://github.com/jasonwalsh)                       | Brandon Him [@brh55](https://github.com/brh55)                             |

## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0)

To the extent possible under law, Jason Walsh has waived all copyright and
related or neighboring rights to this work.

Commit message:

Added Superblocks Studio to the list

readme.md, after:

# awesome-dapps [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) [![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/jasonwalsh/awesome-dapps.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/jasonwalsh/awesome-dapps)

> A curated list of awesome resources around decentralized applications (Ðapps)

Easily access this list @ [`dapps.cool`](http://dapps.cool).

## Contents

- [Platforms](#platforms)
- [Social Media](#social-media)
  - [Reddit](#reddit)
  - [Twitter](#twitter)
  - [Blogs](#blogs)
  - [YouTube](#youtube)
- [Programming Languages](#programming-languages)
  - [Ethereum](#ethereum)
- [Example Applications](#example-applications)
  - [Education](#education)
  - [Shopping](#shopping)
  - [Entertainment](#entertainment)
- [Developer Tools](#developer-tools)
- [Jobs](#jobs)

## Platforms

- [Ethereum](https://ethereum.org/)
- [Golem](https://golem.network/)

## Social Media

### Reddit

- [/r/ethereum](https://www.reddit.com/r/ethereum/)
- [/r/ethdapps](https://www.reddit.com/r/ethdapps/)

### Twitter

- [@ethereumproject](https://twitter.com/ethereumproject)
- [@golemproject](https://twitter.com/golemproject)
- [@EtherCasts](https://twitter.com/EtherCasts)

### Blogs

- [Ethereum Blog](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
- [Golem Blog](https://blog.golemproject.net/)

### YouTube

- [Ethereum YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6rYoXJ_3BbPyWx_GQDDRRQ)

## Programming Languages

### Ethereum

- [serpent](https://github.com/ethereum/serpent)
  - Documentation: [https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/Serpent](https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/Serpent)
- [solidity](https://github.com/ethereum/solidity)
  - Documentation: [https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/develop/](https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/develop/)

## Example Applications

### Education

- [Dapp Insight](https://dappinsight.com) - A curated listing of live dapps built on ethereum 
- [State of the DApps](https://dapps.ethercasts.com/) - [:octocat:](https://github.com/EtherCasts/state-of-the-dapps) - State of the DApps lists of all Ethereum DApps known to mankind

### Shopping

- [OpenBazaar](https://www.openbazaar.org/) - [:octocat:](https://github.com/openbazaar) - OpenBazaar is an open source project developing a protocol for e-commerce transactions in a fully decentralized marketplace
- [SafeMarket](https://safemarket.github.io/) - [:octocat:](https://github.com/SafeMarket) - A P2P Market system

### Entertainment

- [Livepeer](https://livepeer.org/) - [:octocat:](https://github.com/livepeer) - An open platform for decentralized live video broadcasting

### Art

- [CryptoPunks](http://www.larvalabs.com/cryptopunks) - [:octocat:](https://github.com/larvalabs/cryptopunks) - 10,000 unique collectible characters with proof of ownership stored on the Ethereum blockchain.

### Advertising

- [Thousand Ether Homepage](https://thousandetherhomepage.com) - [:octocat:](https://github.com/thousandetherhomepage/ketherhomepage) - The Million Dollar Homepage as an Ethereum Smart Contract and DApp. Own a piece of blockchain history!

## Developer Tools

- [Superblocks Studio](https://github.com/SuperblocksHQ/studio) - Superblocks studio is the first open source IDE fully developed for DApp developers. Studio helps you code, build, test and deploy your smart contracts 
- [Embark](https://github.com/iurimatias/embark-framework) - Embark is a framework that allows you to easily develop and deploy Decentralized Applications
- [ethereumjs/testrpc](https://github.com/ethereumjs/testrpc) - A Node.js based Ethereum client for testing and development. It uses ethereumjs to simulate full client behavior and make developing Ethereum applications much faster.

## Jobs

- [Ethereum Jobs](http://jobs.ethercasts.com/) - The premier job board and developer community space specifically for Ethereum by [EtherCasts](https://github.com/EtherCasts)

## Contribute

Contributions welcome! Read the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) first.

## Maintainers

| ![Jason Walsh](https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/2184329?v=3&s=128)     | ![Brandon Him](https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/6020066?v=3&s=128) |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Jason Walsh [@jasonwalsh](https://github.com/jasonwalsh)                       | Brandon Him [@brh55](https://github.com/brh55)                             |

## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0)

To the extent possible under law, Jason Walsh has waived all copyright and
related or neighboring rights to this work.
